Change env/service variables --> variables (#1987)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/deploy/deploy-with-balena-button.md

### balena.yml configuration file

> Through the use of a `balena.yml` config file, you may also provide application [configuration](/learn/manage/configuration/) and [environment](/learn/manage/variables/) variables. If provided, they are pre-populated in the advanced modal dialog when using the **Deploy with {{ $names.company.lower }}** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the use of a `balena.yml` config file, you may also specify [configuration](/learn/manage/configuration/) defaults and provide [variables](/learn/manage/variables/). If provided, these are pre-populated in the advanced modal dialog when using the **Deploy with {{ $names.company.lower }}** button.
```
